[IMP] Inventory: Updating Serial Number documentation (#11129)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/product_management/product_tracking/serial_numbers.rst

:doc:`expiration dates <expiration_dates>` and location throughout the supply chain. For instance,
serial numbers can help manufacturers locate products to provide after-sales services or in the
event of a recall.

.. seealso::
   - `Odoo Tutorials: Serial Numbers <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZP-gMz2X5AY>`

.. _inventory/product_management/enable-lots:

Enable lots & serial numbers
============================

To track products using serial numbers, there are two settings that need be enabled.

.. _inventory/product_management/traceability-setting:

Traceability Setting
--------------------

The :guilabel:`Lots & Serial Numbers` traceability feature *must* be enabled first to track
products. To do so, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Settings`, scroll
down to the :guilabel:`Traceability` section, and click the box next to
:guilabel:`Lots & Serial Numbers`. Remember to click the :guilabel:`Save` button to save changes.

.. image:: serial_numbers/enabled-setting.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Enabled Lots & Serial Numbers setting.

.. _inventory/product_management/operation-type-setting:

> By Operation Type

Author: ```suggestion
By operation type
```

-----------------

Next, the ability to create new serial numbers needs to be turned on for specific operation types,
such as receiving or shipping goods. In other words, this setting allows for serial number tracking
on warehouse receipts and delivery orders.

To enable the creation of new serial numbers on an operation, navigate to

> :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Operations Types`.

Author: fabulous suggestion, thank you!!!

:guilabel:`Product` to reveal a drop-down menu. From this menu, select the product to which this new
number will be assigned.

This form also provides the option to adjust the :guilabel:`On Hand Quantity`, to assign a unique

> :guilabel:`Internal Reference` number (for additional traceability), and to assign this specific

Reviewer: IIRC the **Internal Reference** field is a great place to put SKU values.
If so, I would mention this as a **Note** or **Tip** block

lot/serial number configuration to a specific company in the :guilabel:`Company` field. A detailed
description of this specific lot/serial number can also be added in the
:guilabel:`Description` tab below.

When all desired configurations are complete, click the :guilabel:`Save` button to save all changes.

> .. image:: serial_numbers/new-serial-number.png

Reviewer: Can retake this screenshot in HD or only crop the necessary portion?
It's a bit too wide / zoomed out

   :align: center
   :alt: New serial number created for existing product stock.

After a new serial number has been created, assigned to the desired product, and saved, navigate
back to the product form, by going to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products --> Products`, and
selecting the product that this newly-created serial number was just assigned to.

On that product's detail form, click the :guilabel:`Lot/Serial Numbers` smart button to view the new
serial number.

.. warning::
   If a product doesn't have a serial number assigned to it, a user error pop-up window may appear.
   The error message states that the product(s) in stock have no lot/serial number. However, a

>    lot/serial number can be assigned to the product by making an :doc:`inventory adjustment

Reviewer: This is odd to me— we just explained how to assign lot/serial to specific product and yet, this warning implies two things: a) that what we just did in the instructions didn't work and b) to perform a different set of steps as a "hack" to assign a lot/serial number.

Is there a way to rewrite this so it inspires more confidence in the directions or maybe is presented as a **Tip**? Could possibly remove it entirely, too. 

Do you see what I mean?

form.

- **Incoming goods:** Assign serial numbers directly on the **receipt**. Receipts can be accessed by
  navigating to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Operations --> Receipts`.
- **Outgoing goods:** Assign serial numbers directly on the **delivery order**. Receipts can be
  accessed by navigating to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Operations --> Deliveries`.

.. important::
   Before assigning serial numbers on receipts or delivery orders, be sure that the ability to
   :ref:`create new serial numbers by operations type
   <inventory/product_management/operation-type-setting>` is enabled.

Lots/serial number field
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Serial numbers can be entered directly into the :guilabel:`Serial Numbers` field on a receipt or
delivery order.

.. image:: serial_numbers/enter-in-field.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Select value for Serial Number field on receipt.

.. important::
   To make the :guilabel:`Serial Numbers` field visible on a receipt or delivery order, click the
   :icon:`oi-settings-adjust` :guilabel:`(Adjust Settings)` icon, and in the drop-down menu, tick

>    the :guilabel:`Serial Numbers` checkbox.

Reviewer: this is a **Tip** not **Important** block (adds some color variation in the doc too which looks nice/inviting)

   .. figure:: serial_numbers/field-visible.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Allow Serial Numbers field to show on a receipt or delivery order.

      Example **Serial Numbers** field on a delivery order. On the right of `Butter Croissant`, is a

>       blue **Stock move** icon.

Reviewer: where is this icon on the screenshot (don't see it?)

serial numbers.

.. image:: serial_numbers/stock-move-add-line.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Add a line on the stock move pop-up.

.. _inventory/product_management/generate-serials:

Generate serials
****************

Assign multiple serial numbers at once by clicking the :guilabel:`Generate Serials/Lots` button in
the :guilabel:`Open: Stock move` pop-up window.

.. image:: serial_numbers/stock-move-generate-serials.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Show generate serials pop-up.

Doing so opens a new popup, :guilabel:`Generate Serial numbers`, which contains a few fields:

- :guilabel:`First SN`: Input the first serial number that should start the sequence.
  From there, Odoo will automatically detect what pattern should be followed to generate more serial
  numbers.
- :guilabel:`Number of SN`: Specify the desired number of serial numbers to generate.

  .. important::
   The number of serials generated will be reflected in the :guilabel:`Quantity` field on a receipt
   or delivery order. Even if the number of serial numbers generated exceeds the :guilabel:`Demand`
   value, Odoo will still allow the quantity (based on the serial numbers) to be delivered or

>    received.

Reviewer: think this is more of a **Note** block

      :align: center
      :alt: Show how the quantity of serial numbers alters the delivery order quantity.
- :guilabel:`Keep current lines` checkbox: Check this box to keep existing serial numbers that may
  have been previously added. To replace existing serial numbers in the list, leave the box
  unchecked.

After filling out these fields, click the :guilabel:`Generate` button. The newly generates serials
will now appear in the :guilabel:`Open: Stock move` window. By clicking :guilabel:`Save`, the
:guilabel:`Quantity` and the :guilabel:`Serial Numbers` fields on the delivery order or receipt will
update automatically.

Import serials
**************

Another option for assigning multiple serial numbers at once is to click the
:guilabel:`Import Serials/Lots` button in the :guilabel:`Open: Stock move` pop-up window.

.. important::
   If the import button is not visible, ensure the :guilabel:`Create New` box is checked in the
   :ref:`receipt's configuration page <inventory/product_management/operation-type-setting>`.

Doing so opens the :guilabel:`Import Serials` pop-up window. Enter each serial number on a separate
line in the :guilabel:`Lots/Serial numbers` text field.

> .. image:: serial_numbers/stock-move-import-serials.png

Reviewer: what does the **Keep current lines** option do?

Reviewer: I suggest defining this here so it's not a lingering question for the reader (they have to find out what it means later in the **Example** block a few sections below this)

   :align: center
   :alt: Show import serials pop-up.

To expedite this process, copy/paste serial numbers from an existing spreadsheet and add them to
the :guilabel:`Lots/Serial numbers` text field.

.. image:: serial_numbers/copy-from-spreadsheet.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: Show spreadsheet from which to copy serial numbers.

Reviewer: Frame all of this in a **Tip** block

Also try to avoid showing another company's product— can you retake the screenshot using Odoo Spreadsheet and not Google Sheets?

As when :ref:`generating serials <inventory/product_management/generate-serials>`, check the
:guilabel:`Keep current lines` box to keep existing serial number, or leave it unchecked to
overwrite existing serial numbers.

Finally, click :guilabel:`Generate`.

.. example::
   For a receipt with a :guilabel:`Demand` of `3.00` products, one product has already been assigned
   a serial number in the :guilabel:`Open: Stock move` pop-up window.

   So, in the :guilabel:`Import Lots` pop-up window, two serial numbers, `124` and `125` are
   assigned to the remaining products by entering the following in the :guilabel:`Lots/Serial
   numbers` input field:

   .. code-block::

      124
      125

   The :guilabel:`Keep current lines` option is selected to add these two serial numbers **in
   addition** to the serial number, `123`, that has already been assigned.

   .. image:: serial_numbers/import-serial.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Show example of correctly inputting serial numbers in the text field.

.. _inventory/product_management/moves-button:

Moves smart button
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Accessible from both receipt and delivery order forms, the :guilabel:`Moves` page shows a detailed

Reviewer: **Moves** is not the name of the page, it's the name of the smart button— the page is called **Detailed Operations**

view of product movements, including information about serial numbers, exact locations, expiration
dates, etc. This level of detail permits more precise tracking, for example, when handling
perishable or regulated goods.

To access this page, first :ref:`select a warehouse receipt or delivery order
<inventory/product_management/incoming-outgoing-products>`. Click on the

> :icon:`oi-view-list` :guilabel:`Moves smart button` at the top of the page.

Reviewer: gui only includes the UI text 😉 
```suggestion
:icon:`oi-view-list` :guilabel:`Moves` smart button at the top of the page.
```

where it was stored, and who it was shipped to.

Lots/Serial Numbers dashboard
-----------------------------

To see the full traceability of a product, or group by serial numbers, go to
:menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products --> Lots/Serial Numbers`. Doing so reveals the
:guilabel:`Lots/Serial Numbers` dashboard.

Reporting
---------

On the :guilabel:`Lots/Serial Numbers` dashboard, products with serial numbers assigned to them are
listed by default. Click the :icon:`fa-caret-right` :guilabel:`(expand)` icon to show which serial
numbers are assigned to the chosen product.

To group by serial numbers (or lots), first remove any default filters from the search bar in the
upper-right corner. Then, click :guilabel:`Group By`, and select :guilabel:`Add Custom Group`, which
reveals a mini drop-down menu. From this mini drop-down menu, select :guilabel:`Lot/Serial Number`,
and click :guilabel:`Apply`.

Doing so reveals all existing serial numbers and lots. Each row can be expanded to show all
quantities of product assigned to that serial/lot number. For unique serial numbers that are not
reused, there should be just one product per serial number.

> .. image:: serial_numbers/sn-dashboard.png

Reviewer: hard to read, can take a more zoomed in shot please?

number will be assigned.

> This form also provides the option to adjust the :guilabel:`Quantity`, to assign a unique

Author: ```suggestion
This form also provides the option to adjust the :guilabel:`On Hand Quantity`, to assign a unique
```

> :guilabel:`Internal Reference` number (for additional traceability), and to assign this specific

Author: got it- thank you!!

.. image:: serial_numbers/moves-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Show the detailed Moves page.

When finished, click the receipt/delivery order's breadcrumbs, and the assigned serial numbers
will be automatically saved.

Traceability & Reporting
========================

Manufacturers and companies can refer to the :guilabel:`Lots/Serial Numbers` dashboard and
traceability reports to see the entire lifecycle of a product: when and where it originated,
where it was stored, and who it was shipped to.

Lots/Serial Numbers dashboard
-----------------------------

To see the full traceability of a product, or group by serial numbers, go to
:menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products --> Lots/Serial Numbers`. Doing so reveals the
:guilabel:`Lots/Serial Numbers` dashboard.

Reporting
---------

On the :guilabel:`Lots/Serial Numbers` dashboard, products with serial numbers assigned to them are
listed by default. Click the :icon:`fa-caret-right` :guilabel:`(expand)` icon to show which serial
numbers are assigned to the chosen product.

To group by serial numbers (or lots), first remove any default filters from the search bar in the

> upper-right corner. Then, click :guilabel:`Group By`, and select :guilabel:`Add Custom Group`, which
> reveals a mini drop-down menu. From this mini drop-down menu, select :guilabel:`Lot/Serial Number`,
> and click :guilabel:`Apply`.

Reviewer 2: Slight update to this, since there is nowhere to click "Group By"
```suggestion
upper-right corner. Then, click the :icon:`fa-caret-down` :guilabel:`(down arrow)` icon and select
:guilabel:`Add Custom Group`, which reveals a mini drop-down menu. From this mini drop-down menu,
select :guilabel:`Lot/Serial Number`, and click :guilabel:`Apply`.
```

Doing so reveals all existing serial numbers and lots. Each row can be expanded to show all
quantities of product assigned to that serial/lot number. For unique serial numbers that are not
reused, there should be just one product per serial number.

.. image:: serial_numbers/serial-numbers-dashboard.png

>    :align: center

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

On that product's detail form, click the :guilabel:`Lot/Serial Numbers` smart button to view the new
serial number.

> .. warning::

Author: done in vsc

   lot/serial number can be assigned to the product by making an inventory adjustment.

.. _inventory/product_management/incoming-outgoing-products:

Create serial numbers to incoming or outgoing products
------------------------------------------------------

Serial numbers can be assigned to both incoming and outgoing goods. The receipt and delivery order
forms mirror one another; the instructions below can be followed to assign serial numbers in either
form.

- **Incoming goods:** Assign serial numbers directly on the **receipt**. Receipts can be accessed by
  navigating to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Operations --> Receipts`.
- **Outgoing goods:** Assign serial numbers directly on the **delivery order**. Receipts can be
  accessed by navigating to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Operations --> Deliveries`.

.. important::
   Before assigning serial numbers on receipts or delivery orders, be sure that the ability to
   :ref:`create new serial numbers by operations type
   <inventory/product_management/operation-type-setting>` is enabled.

Lots/serial number field
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Serial numbers can be entered directly into the Serial Numbers field on a receipt or delivery order.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Serial numbers can be entered directly into the :guilabel:`Serial Numbers` field on a receipt or
delivery order.
```

.. image:: serial_numbers/enter-in-field.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Select value for Serial Number field on receipt.

.. important::
   To make the Serial Numbers field visible on a receipt or delivery order, click the

>    :icon:`oi-settings-adjust` :guilabel:`(Adjust Settings)` icon, and ensure the box next to Serial
>    Numbers is checked.

Reviewer 3: When referring to a field that we currently see in the instructions of the doc, we use guilabel formatting (: 

I also included a rewording suggestion below, but that one is totally optional and up to your personal preference.
```suggestion
   :icon:`oi-settings-adjust` :guilabel:`(Adjust Settings)` icon, and in the drop-down menu, tick the :guilabel:`Serial
   Numbers` checkbox.
```

   .. figure:: serial_numbers/field-visible.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Allow Serial Numbers field to show on a receipt or delivery order.

.. _inventory/product_management/stock-move:

Stock move pop-up window
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

For various methods of assigning serial numbers individually or in bulk, click the
:guilabel:`⦙≣ (bulleted list)` icon in the product line of a receipt.

Add a line
**********

> In the :guilabel:`Open: Stock move` pop-up window that appears, serial numbers can be manually input
> in the :guilabel:`Lot/Serial Number` column. This method is best reserved for adding only one or a

Reviewer 3: Optional suggestion for brevity
```suggestion
In the :guilabel:`Open: Stock move` pop-up window, manually enter serial numbers 
in the :guilabel:`Lot/Serial Number` column. This method is best reserved for adding only one or a
```

Reviewer 3: Or, we can elaborate/remind the reader how they open this popup. 

```suggestion
In the :guilabel:`Open: Stock move` pop-up window that appears after clicking the :icon:`fa-list` :guilabel:`(list)` icon in the product line, serial numbers can be manually input
in the :guilabel:`Lot/Serial Number` column. This method is best reserved for adding only one or a
```

Author: I chose the first option because the pop-up opening instructions are like two lines before this one!

   :alt: Add a line on the stock move pop-up.

.. _inventory/product_management/generate-serials:

Generate serials
****************

Assign multiple serial numbers at once by clicking the :guilabel:`Generate Serials/Lots` button in
the :guilabel:`Open: Stock move` pop-up window.

.. image:: serial_numbers/stock-move-generate-serials.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Show generate serials pop-up.

Doing so opens a new popup, :guilabel:`Generate Serial numbers`, which contains a few fields:

- :guilabel:`First SN`: Input the first serial number that should start the sequence.
  From there, Odoo will automatically detect what pattern should be followed to generate more serial
  numbers.
- :guilabel:`Number of SN`: Specify the desired number of serial numbers to generate.

  .. important::
   The number of serials generated will be reflected in the :guilabel:`Quantity` field on a receipt
   or delivery order. Even if the number of serial numbers generated exceeds the :guilabel:`Demand`
   value, Odoo will still allow the quantity (based on the serial numbers) to be delivered or
   received.

   .. image:: serial_numbers/stock-move-generate-quantity-tip.png
      :align: center

>       :alt: Show how the quantity of serial numbers alters the delivery order quantity.

Reviewer 3: love how the destination is "Cafe Paris"!!!

- :guilabel:`Keep current lines` checkbox: Check this box to keep existing serial numbers that may
  have been previously added. To replace existing serial numbers in the list, leave the box
  unchecked.

After filling out these fields, click the :guilabel:`Generate` button. The newly generates serials
will now appear in the :guilabel:`Open: Stock move` window. By clicking :guilabel:`Save`, the

> :guilabel:`Quantity`and the :guilabel:`Serial Numbers` fields on the delivery order or receipt will

Reviewer 3: Missed space (so hard to notice!! :grin: )
```suggestion
:guilabel:`Quantity` and the :guilabel:`Serial Numbers` fields on the delivery order or receipt will
```

update automatically.

Import serials
**************

Another option for assigning multiple serial numbers at once is to click the
:guilabel:`Import Serials/Lots` button in the :guilabel:`Open: Stock move` pop-up window.

.. important::
   If the import button is not visible, ensure the :guilabel:`Create New` box is checked in the
   :ref:`receipt's configuration page <inventory/product_management/operation-type-setting>`.

> Doing so opens the :guilabel:`Import Lots` pop-up window. Enter each serial number on a separate

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Doing so opens the :guilabel:`Import Serials` pop-up window. Enter each serial number on a separate
```

line in the :guilabel:`Lots/Serial numbers` text field.

> .. image:: serial_numbers/stock-move-import-serials.png

Reviewer 3: great example image! A picture tells a thousand words (:

   :align: center
   :alt: Show import serials pop-up.

To expedite this process, copy/paste serial numbers from an existing spreadsheet and add them to
the :guilabel:`Lots/Serial numbers` text field.

.. image:: serial_numbers/copy-from-spreadsheet.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Show spreadsheet from which to copy serial numbers.

As when :ref:`generating serials <inventory/product_management/generate-serials>`, check the
:guilabel:`Keep current lines` box to keep existing serial number, or leave it unchecked to
overwrite existing serial numbers.

Finally, click :guilabel:`Generate`.

.. example::
   For a receipt with a :guilabel:`Demand` of `3.00` products, one product has already been assigned

>    a serial number in the :guilabel:`Open: Stock move` pop-up window.

Reviewer 3: Great example to communicate how to use this feature (:

   assigned to the remaining products by entering the following in the :guilabel:`Lots/Serial
   numbers` input field:

   .. code-block::

      124
      125

   The :guilabel:`Keep current lines` option is selected to add these two serial numbers **in
   addition** to the serial number, `123`, that has already been assigned.

   .. image:: serial_numbers/import-serial.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Show example of correctly inputting serial numbers in the text field.

.. _inventory/product_management/moves-button:

Moves smart button
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Accessible from both receipt and delivery order forms, the :guilabel:`Moves` page shows a detailed
view of product movements, including information about serial numbers, exact locations, expiration
dates, etc. This level of detail permits more precise tracking, for example, when handling
perishable or regulated goods.

To access this page, first :ref:`select a warehouse receipt or delivery order
<inventory/product_management/incoming-outgoing-products>`. Click on the
:icon:`oi-view-list` :guilabel:`Moves smart button` at the top of the page.

> In the :guilabel:`Lot/Serial Number` column, manually type (or select from the dropdown)

Reviewer 3: Our team is quite particular about standardizing this to "drop-down menu", with a hyphen :see_no_evil: 
```suggestion
In the :guilabel:`Lot/Serial Number` column, manually type (or select from the drop-down menu)
```

the desired serial numbers for each individual product.

.. image:: serial_numbers/moves-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Show the detailed Moves page.

> When finished, click the receipt/delivery order's breadcrumb trail, and the assigned serial numbers

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When finished, click the receipt/delivery order's breadcrumbs, and the assigned serial numbers
```

will be automatically saved.

Traceability & Reporting
========================

> Manufacturers and companies can refer to the :guilabel:`Lots/Serial Numbers dashboard` and

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Manufacturers and companies can refer to the :guilabel:`Lots/Serial Numbers` dashboard and
```

traceability reports to see the entire lifecycle of a product: when and where it originated,
where it was stored, and who it was shipped to.

Lots/Serial Numbers dashboard
-----------------------------

To see the full traceability of a product, or group by serial numbers, go to
:menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products --> Lots/Serial Numbers`. Doing so reveals the
:guilabel:`Lots/Serial Numbers` dashboard.

Reporting
---------

> From here, products with serial numbers assigned to them will be listed by default. Click the

Reviewer 3: We tend to avoid starting paragraphs with "here" or "there". We do it in the middle of a sentence or in eLearning tutorials (:

How about moving the "Doing so reveals the
:guilabel:`Lots/Serial Numbers` dashboard." sentence from above to here?

```suggestion
On the :guilabel:`Lots/Serial Numbers` dashboard, products with serial numbers assigned to them are listed by default. Click the
```

   number.

.. seealso::

>    :doc:`/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/product_management/product_tracking/reassign`

Reviewer 3: Try to use a relative instead of absolute path to link to this page (:

.. tip::

>    In addition to using the :guilabel:`Lots/Serial Numbers dashboard`, there are several other

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   In addition to using the :guilabel:`Lots/Serial Numbers` dashboard, there are several other
```

   reporting templates that display serial number. Go to
   :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Reporting`, where the :guilabel:`Locations`report,
   :guilabel:`Moves History`report, and :guilabel:`Moves Analysis`report all include either

>    the :guilabel:`Lot/Serial Number` field or the ability to filter by serial number.

Reviewer 3: All of these guilabels are missing a space between the closing backtick ` and the next work (:

I didn't directly make a suggestion, however, because I thought that maybe it would be better to do a doc link to these existing doc pages!

   number.

.. seealso::
   :doc:`Reassign <reassign>`

> 

Reviewer: I can't comment but on line 348-352, quick copy revision to be more concise

```suggestion
.. tip::
   For additional information regarding an individual serial (or lot) number, click the line item
   for the serial number to reveal that specific :guilabel:`Serial Number` form.

   From this form, click the :guilabel:`Location` and :guilabel:`Traceability` smart buttons to see
   all stock on-hand using that serial number, and any operations made using that serial number.
```

>    :doc:`Reassign <reassign>`
> 
> .. tip::
>    In addition to using the :guilabel:`Lots/Serial Numbers` dashboard, there are several other
>    reporting templates that display the :guilabel:`Lot/Serial Number` field or the ability to filter
>    by serial number. Go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Reporting` to access:
>    - :guilabel:`Locations` report
>    - :guilabel:`Moves History` report
>    - :guilabel:`Moves Analysis` report

Reviewer: this did not render properly in the HTML

I would also include it in the **seealso** block above, not as a **tip**

```suggestion
   :doc:`Reassign <reassign>`

   In addition to using the :guilabel:`Lots/Serial Numbers` dashboard, there are several other
   reporting templates that display the :guilabel:`Lot/Serial Number` field or the ability to filter
   by serial number. Go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Reporting` to access:
   
   - :guilabel:`Locations` report
   - :guilabel:`Moves History` report
   - :guilabel:`Moves Analysis` report
```
